you went from last in line to being
holder at a stage where salons or
he ended up playing his destiny at first
division
in that moment of that of that summer there
you can only give a silver plated by the head
the fact of having to leave San
lorenzo
you will have thought and I am finished
race where will I go to play what will happen
my future is of several fears that
you have and
and the worst thing you think there is like
you begin to doubt your death in no
side but then you realize that no
it's so like that and it works to say good if
it's not here anywhere else they go
to play then you start to work more
because like the shoe is squeezing
it's the last chance you're going to
have and sometimes it's good for you
because in my case I saved myself and I had the
possibility of I do not think ever neighbor
ruined that same semester you're going to
give the opportunity to finish if you go
to speak something very crazy happened to me they call me
to rescind and I did not attend because
I knew it was for that
because I had the expectation of long month
and I had nothing
I will not reverse it
for those six months of contract
because I had nothing I had a thing of
Japan called me some of the types of
Japan to send you like the people
copy of the passport so that the
steps and it is also not mandated why
after two days in a store
a kind of obviously are elections
technicians but a kind of
remorse I say you have left to like
madelon as for any technician
say but without even a
opportunity
and the truth that I am long ago and
leo madelon I think he did not even know me
me and I did not know him and the truth that
if he decided that I do not know why there will be
been but then we have an excellent
relationship in fact I was the date that
was the juve and the truth that I try
man, I feel a little short to the
adolescence of each were the cracks
of the neighborhood was what from the bar of the
primary school from the secondary
they were the ones that stood out from guys and
that the whole group looks once and I'm
sure they are going to French players
football or out there they were in a neighborhood
where or in a group of guys where
there was one that played barbarian and touched them
to you the fact of arriving
where I was raised there was pasture there was a
group where which
today it continues to be one
speaks and the truth that we were very
soccer fan but I think of those who
I'm talking at this moment you know
that they knew we said
and always be there of the middle or of what
he plays in the neighborhood playing something else
another thing
always forward of reality all
we go up the last goal was more or
less in the English invasions
and I have about 5 in the last one raised a
cup with the last alive
is called
Pablo Bosch
with your company
as if the zones were now
neither
but if he is here because we were few
but there were many play while nothing of
this was a final word from the two
He was here Friday with us to
for someone who at this moment
surely missing within the group as
Paul not millions
and the truth that
it's a bad grace what happened to
Pablo what is living the truth
the short time he was finding what
I'm with colleagues I've known him very
well you know the kind of person that good
always gave his support to him as well as
his family and unfortunately nobody
I would like to live what he had to live
and the truth is that it did not get very sad
when he found out what he was
living but we know it was a
very very strong person today is with his
family and will get ahead not if I
to thank you for the time that
it was the truth that was always offered
100% for the club and with us
also and now I hope he is happy in
whatever it is in the club that is with your
family or whatever it takes but that
let's be us